"Tl 
0 -. 
(iii) the requisite sanction or approval from RoC, Regional Director, Official Liquidator as 
may be applicable or as may be directed by the Tribunal; 
(iv) this Scheme being sanctioned by the Tribunal in terms of Sections 230 to Section 232 
and other relevant provisions of the Act, on terms as originally approved by or with 
such modifications as are acceptable to the Parties; 
(v) the certified copy of the order of the Tribunal under Sections 230 to 232 and other 
applicable provisions of the Act sanctioning the Scheme, and any other intimations (as 
required under Applicable Laws), being filed with the respective RoC by the Parties; 
(vi) the receipt or waiver (as the case may be) of any such other approvals, sanctions, 
consents and permissions as may required or as may be directed by NCL T for the 
completion of the transactions contemplated under this Scheme. 
37.2 On the approval of this Scheme by the shareholders of the Parties, ifrequired, such shareholders 
shall also be deemed to have resolved and accorded all relevant consents under the Act or 
otherwise to the same extent applicable in relation to the transactions set out in this Scheme, 
related matters and this Scheme itself. 
38. Effect of non-receipt of approvals 
38. l The Scheme shall not come into effect unless the aforementioned conditions specified under 
Clause 37 are satisfied. 
38.2 In the event of this Scheme failing to take effect for any reason whatsoever, the Parties (acting 
through their respective Boards) may opt to either: (i) terminate the Scheme and the Scheme 
shall stand revoked and cancelled from such date; or (ii) take such steps and actions as may be 
necessary to modify the terms of this Scheme for the purposes of reapplying to the NCL T and/or 
Appropriate Authorities for sanction of this Scheme. Until such termination or modification, 
the Parties acting through their respective Board ofDirectors shall each be at liberty to withdraw 
this Scheme at any stage prior to the Effective Date. 
38.3 In the event of termination of this Scheme in terms of Clause 38.2 above, no rights and liabilities 
whatsoever shall accrue to or be incurred inter se to the Parties or their respective shareholders 
or creditors or Employees or any other person, save and except in respect of any act or deed 
done prior thereto as is contemplated hereunder or as to any right, liability or obligation which 
has arisen or accrued pursuant thereto and which shall be governed and be preserved or worked 
out as is specifically provided in this Scheme or as may otherwise arise in law. 
38.4 In the event of any revocation of this Scheme pursuant to this Clause 38, the Parties shall take 
all necessary steps to withdraw this Scheme from the NCLT and any other authority and to 
make all necessary filings/ applications as may be required to withdraw this Scheme. 
39. Costs, charges and expenses 
All costs, charges, fees, taxes, duties, levies and expenses, if any, including stamp duty, 
registration charges and transfer charges, arising out of or incurred in carrying out and 
implementing the terms and conditions or provisions of this Scheme and incidental thereto shall 
be borne and paid as follows: 
(i) in relation to the merger of ARCPL into ARL, as set out in Part II of this Sch 
46 