registered office of Ashok Cloud. 
(C) Rationale, Purpose, and Objects of this Scheme 
..,, 
0 .... 
I. Anant Raj Limited presently operates two distinct business verticals, namely: (i) a real 
estate business; and (ii) a data centre and cloud computing business ("Data Centre 
Business"). The Data Centre Business is presently conducted through ARL, Ashok 
Cloud and ARCPL, with various assets, employees, investments and business 
operations pertaining to the Data Centre Business being housed across all entities. 
2. The Data Centre Business has evolved significantly over the years and is well poised 
to chart its own growth path and operate as a separate listed entity focused on the 
rapidly growing Data Centre Business whilst continuing to leverage ARL's 
institutional strengths, strong brand equity and goodwill. Therefore, the Scheme is 
being proposed with the objective of consolidating the entire Data Centre Business 
within a single dedicated corporate entity and facilitating the creation of two dedicated 
listed companies focused on separate business verticals. 
3. Accordingly, the Scheme provides for: (i) the amalgamation of ARCPL with and into 
ARL; and thereafter (ii) the demerger of the Data Centre Business from ARL into 
Ashok Cloud, resulting in the consolidation of the Data Centre Business in Ashok 
Cloud and the segregation of the same from ARL's real estate business. 
4. The Scheme is expected to result in, inter-alia, the following benefits and advantages 
for the Parties and their respective stakeho lders: 
(i) the segregation of the Data Centre Business into a separately listed company 
would facilitate independent market recognition and valuation of the Data 
Centre Business, having regard to its distinct operating profile, growth 
trajectory, risk-return characteristics and funding requirements; 
(ii) the existing shareholders of ARL shall receive shares in Ashok Cloud pursuant 
to the demerger, thereby enabling them to directly participate in the future 
growth and value creation potential of the Data Centre business through a 
dedicated and focused listed entity, while benefiting from independent market­
driven valuation and recognition of the Data Centre Business following the 
listing of Ashok Cloud pursuant to the Scheme; 
(iii) consolidation of the Data Centre Business, resulting in a simpler ownership 
structure, streamlined operations and cancellation or rationalization of intra­
group arrangements; 
(iv) the separation of the Data Centre Business into a distinct legal entity will 
enable Ashok Cloud to effect ively attract sector spec ific resources for its 
growth requirements and pursue strategic investments, partnerships, thereby 
unlocking greater value for its shareholders; 
(v) the Scheme will enable dedicated management focus and decision-making for 
each business vertical, allowing the management teams of ARL and Ashok 
Cloud to pursue business strategies and growth initiatives tailored to their 
respective operational and market requirements. 
The Scheme shall be beneficial, advantageous and not prejudicial to the interests of the 
3 