"T1 0 ., 
)> 
C: 
0 ., c;;· 
Cl) 
C. 
en 
cS" ::s Q) 
S" 
'< 
32.7 The obligation for deduction of tax at source on any payment made by or to be made by the 
Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking under the IT Act, service tax 
laws, centra l sales tax, state value added tax, goods and service tax Jaws or other Applicable 
Laws and/or regulations dealing with taxes, duties or levies shall be deemed to have been made 
and duly complied with on behalf of the Resultant Company. 
32.8 All the expenses incurred by Demerged Company and the Resultant Company in relation to the 
Scheme, shall be allowed as deduct ion to the Demerged Company and the Resulting Company 
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the IT Act. 
32.9 The Resultant Company shall be entitled to claim deduction under Sections 37, 35(b)(i), 
35(b)(ii) , 29( I )(d) and 29(2) of the IT Act in respect of unpaid liabilities transferred to it as part 
of the Demerged Undertaking to the extent not claimed by the Demerged Company, as and 
when the same are paid by the Resultant Company subsequent to the Appointed Date. 
33. Resolutions 
33. I Upon the Effective Date, the resolutions, if any, of the Demerged Company pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking, which are valid and subsisting on the Effective Date, shall continue to 
be valid and subsisting and be considered as resolutions of the Resultant Company and shall be 
deemed to have authorized any director of the Resultant Company or such other person(s) as 
authorized by any two directors of the Resultant Company to do all acts, deeds, things as may 
be necessary to give effect to these resolutions, without any further acts to be done by the 
Resultant Company and if any such resolutions have any monetary limits approved under the 
provisions of the Act, or any other applicable statutory provisions, then the said limits shall be 
added to the limits, if any, under like resolutions passed by the Resultant Company and shall 
constitute the aggregate of the said limits in the Resultant Company . 
33.2 
34. 
34.1 
Upon the Effective Date , the borrowing limits of the Resultant Company in terms of Section 
180 of the Act shall be deemed, without any further act or deed, to have been enhanced by the 
aggregate limits of the Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking which are 
being transferred to the Resultant Company pursuant to the Scheme , such limits being 
incremental to the existing limits of the Resultant Company, with effect from the Appointed 
Date. 
Saving of concluded transactions 
The transfer of Assets and Liabilities pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking to, and the 
continuance of proceedings by or against, the Resultant Company, as envisaged in this Part III 
shall not affect any transaction or proceedings already concluded by the Demerged Company 
till the Effective Date (including any transaction or proceedings already concluded prior to the 
Appointed Date), to the end and intent that the Resultant Company accepts and adopts all acts , 
deeds and things done and executed by the Demerged Company in respect thereto as done and 
executed on behalf of itself. 
44 