"T1 
0 ... 
)> 
C 
:T 
)> 
0 ... ;· 
<D 
C. 
en 
(C 
:::s D> 
s-'< 
extent they are outstanding on the date on which this Scheme comes into effect, so as to become, 
as and from the Appointed Date (or in case of any Liability incurred on a date after the 
Appointed Date, with effect from such date), the Liabilities of the Amalgamated Company on 
the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the Amalgamating Company. It shall not 
be necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or other person who is a party to any 
contract or arrangement by virtue of which such Liabilities have arisen in order to give effect 
to the provisions of this Clause 7. I . 
7.2 Where any such Liability or obligation of the Amalgamating Company, including amounts 
earmarked for expenditure on corporate social responsibility activities, has been partially or 
fully discharged by the Amalgamating Company on or after the Appointed Date and prior to 
the Effective Date, such discharge shall be deemed to be for and on account of the Amalgamated 
Company. 
7.3 Any tax liabilities under Tax laws allocable or related to the Amalgamating Company, to the 
extent not provided for or covered by tax provision in the accounts made as on the date 
immediately preceding the Appointed Date, shall be transferred to the Amalgamated Company. 
7.4 Upon the Scheme coming into effect on the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed 
Date, all deductions related to the Taxes otherwise admissible to the Amalgamating Company, 
including payment admissible on actual payment or on deduction of appropriate Taxes or on 
payment of tax deducted shall be available to the Amalgamated Company. 
7.5 All loans raised and utilised and all Liabilities, duties and obligations incurred or undertaken 
by the Amalgamating Company on or after the Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date 
shall be deemed to have been raised, used, incurred or undertaken for and on behalf of the 
Amalgamated Company and to the extent they are outstanding on the Effective Date, shall, 
upon the Effective Date and under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, without any 
further act, instrument or deed be stand transferred to and vested in and be deemed to have been 
transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company and shall become the loans and 
Liabilities, duties and obligations of the Amalgamated Company which shall meet, discharge 
and satisfy the same. 
7.6 
7.7 
7.8 
8. 
8.1 
Upon this Scheme coming into effect, all Taxes/ cess/ duties, direct and/or indirect, payable by 
or on behalf of the Amalgamating Company from the Appointed Date onwards including all or 
any refunds and claims, refunds or claims pending with the revenue authorities, shall, for all 
purposes, be treated as the Tax/ cess/ duty, liabilities or refunds, claims and credits pertaining 
to direct/ indirect Taxes (as applicable) of the Amalgamated Company. 
Upon the Effective Date, the Amalgamated Company shall be liable to perform all obligations 
in respect of the Liabilities, which have been transferred to it in terms of this Scheme. 
Subject to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, the provisions of this Clause 7 shall 
operate notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any deed or writing or the terms 
of sanction or issue of any security document, all of which instruments shall stand modified 
and/or superseded by the foregoing provisions of this Scheme. It is expressly provided that, 
except as herein provided, no other term or condition of the Liabilities transferred to the 
Amalgamated Company is amended by virtue of this Scheme except to the extent that such 
amendment is required statutorily or by necessary implication. 
Encumbrances 
The transfer and vesting of the assets comprised in the Amalgamating Company to and in the 
Amalgamated Company under Clause 6 shall be subject to the Encumbrances, if any, affecting 
the same as hereinafter provided. 
/l 
E ITED LIMITED 
18 