,, 
0 .. 
~ 
0 .. en· 
ct) 
Q. 
CJ) 
c5· ::, 
D,) 
0 
'< 
PART III 
DEM ERGER OF THE DEMERGED UNDERTAKING FROM ARLTO Ashok Cloud 
20. Demerger and Transfer and Vesting of the Demerged Undertaking from ARL to Ashok 
Cloud 
20.1. Upon the scheme becoming effective, the Demerged Undertaking of ARL (immediately 
subsequent to the merger of the Amalgamating Company into the Amalgamated Company as 
envisaged under Part II of this Scheme) shaJI stand demerged and vested in the Resultant 
Company, as a going concern, without any further act or deed subject to the provisions of this 
Scheme, in accordance with Section 2(35) and other applicable provisions of the IT Act, as 
applicable, and pursuant to Sections 230 to 232 and other applicable provisions of the 
Companies Act, and pursuant to the completion of conditions contained under Clause 37 and 
Applicable Law and related provisions contained in various other Taxation laws, including 
without limitation in relation to goods and services Tax, customs duty, or excise duty. In 
addition, for the avoidance of doubt, the ARL Remaining Business and all the Assets and 
Liabilities pertaining thereto shall continue to belong to and be vested in and be managed by 
ARL. 
20.2. Upon the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, immediately subsequent to 
the merger of the Amalgamating Company into the Amalgamated Company as envisaged under 
Part ll of this Scheme, the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged Company shall stand 
demerged and be transferred and vested in the Resultant Company, on a going concern basis 
without any requirement of any further act, instrument or deed so as to become as and from the 
Appointed Date, the undertaking of the Resultant Company, and to vest in the Resultant 
Company, all the Assets, Liabilities, rights, title, interest or obligations of the Demerged 
Undertaking, therein, in the manner described hereunder. 
20.3. For the purposes of this Part Ill of the Scheme, all references to the 'Demerged Company' shall 
mean references to the Demerged Company subsequent to the merger of the Amalgamating 
Company into the Amalgamated Company/ Demerged Company in accordance with the tenns 
of this Scheme. 
21. 
21.1. 
21.2. 
Transfer and Vesting of Assets 
Without prejudice to the generality of Clause 20 of this Scheme, upon the coming into effect of 
this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all the estates, Assets, properties, rights, 
claims, title, interest and authorities (including accretions and appurtenances) pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking of whatsoever nature and wheresoever situated, whether in or outside 
India, shall, under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all other applicable 
provisions of the Applicable Laws, if any, without any further act or deed, be and stand 
transferred to and vested in the Resultant Company and shall be deemed to be transferred to 
and vested in the Resultant Company, so as to become, as and from the Appointed Date, the 
estates, Assets, properties, rights, claims, title, interest and authorities (including accretions and 
appurtenances) of the Resultant Company. 
Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, all 
immovable properties pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking, including land together with 
the buildings and structures standing thereon and rights and interests in immovable properties 
pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking, whether freehold or leasehold or otherwise, and all 
documents of title, rights and easements in relation thereto shall be vested in and/or be deemed 
to have been vested in the Resultant Company, without any further act or deed done or being 
required to be done by the Demerged Company and/or the Resultant Company. The Resultant 
Company shall e entitled to exercise all rights and privileges attached to such • movable 
28 