,, 
0 ... 
until the Effective Date. 
12.8 The transfer and vesting of the Assets, Liabilities and obligations of the Amalgamating 
Company and the continuance of the Proceedings by or against the Amalgamated Company 
shall not affect any transaction or Proceedings already completed by the Amalgamating 
Company on or before the Appointed Date or after the Appointed Date till the Effective Date, 
to the end and intent that the Amalgamated Company accepts and adopts all acts, deeds and 
things done and executed by and/or on behalf of the Amalgamating Company as acts, deeds 
and things made, done and executed by and on behalf of the Amalgamated Company. 
13. Consideration 
13. I As on the date of this Scheme, the entire share capital of the Amalgamating Company is held 
by the Amalgamated Company. Accordingly, the Amalgamating Company is a direct wholly 
owned subsidiary of the Amalgamated Company. 
13.2 Upon the Effective Date, no shares of the Amalgamated Company shall be aJJotted in lieu of or 
in exchange for the holdings of the Amalgamated Company in the Amalgamating Company, 
and the entire issued and paid-up share capital of the Amalgamating Company shall, without 
any further act, instrument, deed, matter or thing, stand automatically cancelled, extinguished 
and cease to have any legal effect or existence. 
13.3 It is further clarified that since the Amalgamating Company is a wholly owned subsidiary of 
the Amalgamated Company, no consideration shall be discharged by the Amalgamated 
Company pursuant to the merger of the Amalgamating Company into the Amalgamated 
Company pursuant to this Scheme. 
13 .4 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, upon the Scheme being effective, the names of the 
shareholders of the Amalgamating Company appearing in the respective register of members 
or records of the depository, in relation to the equity shares held by them in the Amalgamating 
Company, shall be deemed to have been cancelled and shall be of no effect from such date. 
14. Increase in Authorized Share Capital of the Amalgamated Company 
14.1 Upon the Effective Date, the authorized share capital of the Amalgamating Company shall be 
deemed to be added to the authorized share capital of the Amalgamated Company without any 
requirement of a further act or deed on the part of the Amalgamated Company. The consent of 
the shareholders to this Scheme shall be deemed to be sufficient for the purposes of effecting 
this amendment to the memorandum of association and articles of association of the 
Amalgamated Company (relating to the authorized share capital), and no further resolution(s) 
under Sections 4, 13, 14 and 61 and all other applicable provisions of the Act, if any, would be 
required/passed, as the case may be, and for this purpose, the stamp duties and fees paid by the 
Amalgamating Company shall be utilized and applied to the increased authorized share capital 
of the Amalgamated Company and there would be no requirement of any further payment of 
stamp duty and/ or fee by the Amalgamated Company for increase in the authorized share 
capital to that extent. Provided that, in relation to the foregoing, if applicable, the Amalgamated 
Company shall pay the requisite fees on its authorised share capital enhanced by the 
amalgamation after having made the applicable adjustments , as permitted in tenns of Section 
232(3)(i) of the Act. 
14.2 It is clarified that the consent / resolution / approval of Tribunal approving the Scheme shall be 
deemed to be the approval for amending the authorised share capital of the Amalgamated 
Company under Section 13 and other applicable provisions of the Act. The words and figures 
in Clause V of the Memorandum of Association of the Amalgamated Company relating to the 
23 
Authorised Signatory 