ARL; and 
(ii) in relation to the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking into Ashok Cloud, as set out 
in Part lII of this Scheme, by ARL. 
40. Compliance with Applicable Laws 
The Parties undertake to comply with all Applicable Laws including making the requisite 
intimations and disclosures to any Appropriate Authorities and obtaining the requisite consent, 
approval or pennission of any Appropriate Authorities, which by Applicable Law may be 
required for the implementation of this Scheme or which by Applicable Law may be required 
in relation to any matters connected with this Scheme. 
The amalgamation under Part fl of this Scheme has been drawn up to comply with the 
conditions relating to "amalgamation" as specified under the Tax laws, including Section 2(6) 
and other relevant sections of the IT Act, as applicable and the demerger under Part III of this 
Scheme has been drawn up to comply with the conditions relating to "demerger" as specified 
under the Tax laws, including Section 2(35) and other relevant sections of the IT Act. If any 
tenns or provisions of the Scheme are found to be or interpreted to be inconsistent with any of 
the said provisions at a later date, whether as a result of any amendment of law or any judicial 
or executive interpretation or for any other reason whatsoever, the aforesaid provisions of the 
IT Act, shall prevail. The Scheme shall then be mutually agreed to be modified to the extent 
determined necessary to comply with the said provisions. Such modification will however not 
affect other parts of the Scheme. The power to make such amendments as may become 
necessary shall vest with the Board of Directors of the Parties, which power shall be exercised 
reasonably in the best interests of the Parties concerned and their stakeholders. 
41. Removal of Difficulties 
The Parties, acting through their respective Boards, jointly and as mutually agreed in writing, 
may: 
(i) give such directions and agree to take steps, as may be necessary, desirable or proper, 
to resolve all doubts, practical implementation challenges, difficulties , inconsistencies, 
inapplicability, or questions arising under this Scheme, whether by reason of any orders 
of Tribunal or of any directive or orders of any Appropriate Authority, under or by 
virtue of this Scheme in relation to the arrangement contemplated in this Scheme and/ 
or matters concerning or connected therewith or in regard to and of the meaning or 
interpretation of this Scheme or implementation thereof or in any manner whatsoever 
connected therewith, or to review the position relating to the satisfaction of various 
conditions of this Scheme and if necessary, to waive any of those to the extent 
permissible under Applicable Laws; and/or 
(ii) do all such acts, deeds and things as may be necessary, desirable or expedient for 
carrying this Scheme into effect. 
ForANANT 
47 