properties and shall be I iable to pay the ground rent and taxes and fulfil all obligations in relation 
to or applicable to such immovable properties. The mutation or substitution of the title to the 
immovable properties shall, be made and duly recorded in the name of the Resultant Company 
by the Appropriate Authorities pursuant to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal in 
accordance with the terms hereof. 
21.3. Without prejudice to the provisions of Clauses 21. l and 21.2 above, all Assets pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking, that are movable in nature (including shares and marketable securities) 
or incorporeal property or are otherwise capable of transfer by manual or constructive delivery 
or possession, or by endorsement and/ or delivery, the same shall stand so transferred by the 
Demerged Company upon the coming into effect of this Scheme, and shall become the assets 
and property of the Resultant Company with effect from the Appointed Date pursuant to the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all other applicable provisions of the 
Applicable Laws, if any, without requiring any deed or instrument of conveyance for transfer 
of the same. 
21.4. In respect of such movable assets and properties pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking ( other 
than those referred to in Clauses 21.3 above) including sundry debtors, actionable claims, 
earnest monies, receivables, bills, credits (including Tax credits), loans, advances and deposits, 
if any, whether recoverable in cash or in kind or for value to be received, bank balances, 
investments (including branches outside India and its assets, and investments in subsidiaries, 
joint ventures and associate companies (whether in or outside India)), earnest money and 
deposits with any government, quasi government, local or other authority or body or with any 
company or other person, the same shall stand transferred to and vested and shall be deemed to 
have been transferred to and vested in the Resultant Company, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, cost or charge and without any notice or other intimation to any person, 
upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appointed Date, pursuant 
to the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all other applicable provisions of the 
Applicable Laws, if any, to the end and intent that the right of the Demerged Company to 
recover or realize the same stands transferred to the Resultant Company, and that appropriate 
entries may be passed in its books to record the aforesaid change, without any notice or other 
intimation to such debtors, depositors or persons as the case may be. The Resultant Company 
may, at its sole discretion but without being obliged, give notice in such form as it may deem 
fit and proper, to such person, as the case may be, that the said debt, receivable, bill, credit, 
loan, advance or deposit stands transferred to and vested in the Resultant Company and be paid 
or made good or held on account of the Resultant Company as the person entitled thereto. 
21.5. All Assets, estates, rights, title, interest, investments, funds, authorities and properties 
pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking as on the Appointed Date (not otherwise specified in 
Clauses 21. l to 21.4 above), shall be deemed to be and sha11 become the Assets and properties 
of the Resultant Company, and shall under the provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and 
all other applicable provisions of the Applicable Laws, if any, without any further act, 
instrument or deed, be and stand transferred to and vested in and be deemed to have been 
transferred to and vested in the Resultant Company upon the coming into effect of this Scheme 
and with effect from the Appointed Date. 
21.6. Without prejudice to the foregoing, the Resultant Company shall be entitled to deposit at any 
time after Effective Date, cheques received in the name of the Demerged Company, if 
pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking, to enable the Resultant Company to receive the 
amounts thereunder. 
21.7. All the licenses, permits, entitlements, approvals, pennissions, registrations, right of way, 
clearances, incentives, consents, credits, certificates, awards, sanctions, allotments, quotas, no 
objection certificates, concessions, Tax deferrals, exemptions and benefits (including Jes Tax, 
~ 
TED 29 