authorised share capital shall without any further act, instrument be, and stand amended to 
reflect the increased authorized share capital of the Amalgamated Company as envisaged under 
Clause 14.3 below, pursuant to Section 13 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
14.3 Clause V of Memorandum of Association of the Amalgamated Company shall be substituted 
as under: 
"The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 85,40,00,0001- (Rupees Eighty 
Five Crores Forty Lakhs Only) divided into 42, 70,00,000 (Forty Two Cores Seventy 
Lakhs) Equity Shares of Rs. 2/- (Rupees Two each)" 
15. Dissolut ion of the Amalgamating Company 
15.1 On the date on which this Scheme comes into effect, the Amalgamating Company shall stand 
dissolved without being wound-up and without any further act or deed, pursuant to the 
provisions of Section 232(3)(d) of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
16. Accounting Treatment 
16.1 Accounting Treatment in the books ofthe Amalgamated Company 
Upon Scheme coming into effect, amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with the 
Amalgamated Company shall be accounted for in the books of accounts of the Amalgamated 
Company in accordance with pooling of interest method for common control business 
combinations mentioned in Appendix C of Indian Accounting Standard (Ind AS) 103 -
Business Combinations notified under Section 133 of the Act under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as may be amended from time to time, such that: 
(i) The Amalgamated Company shall record the assets and liabilities, if any, of the 
Amalgamating Company vested in it pursuant to this Scheme, at the carrying values as 
appearing in the consolidated financial statements of the Amalgamated Company. 
(ii) The identity of the reserves of the Amalgamating Company shall be preserved, and the 
Amalgamated Company shall record the reserves of the Amalgamating Company in 
the same form and at the carrying amount as appearing in the consolidated financial 
statements of the Amalgamated Company. 
,, 
0 (iii) Pursuant to the amalgamation of the Amalgamating Company with the Amalgamated 
Company, the inter-company balances between the Amalgamated Company and the 
Amalgamating Company, if any, appearing in the books of the Amalgamating 
Company and/or the Amalgamated Company, shall stand cancelled and there shall be 
no further obligation in that behalf. 
... 
(iv) The value of investments in equity shares held by the Amalgamated Company in the 
Amalgamating Company, as appearing in the books of account of the Amalgamated 
Company, shall stand cancelled pursuant to amalgamation . 
( v) The surplus / difference, if any, between the carrying amounts of the net assets ( assets 
less liabilities) and reserves of the Amalgamating Company as recorded under Clause 
16. 1 (i) and l 6.2(ii) above, and the amount of investments cancelled as per Clause 
16.1 (iv) above, shall, be recognised as 'Capita l Reserve ', with disclosure of its nature 
and purpose in the notes. 
24 