"Tl 
0 ., 
--::r 
0 ., 
cii' 
ci, 
a. 
CJ) 
cc· ::, 
A) 
a-'< 
securities premium, to the extent available, and the balance thereafter, if any, shall be 
adjusted against the retained earnings of the I;!emerged Company. 
c) The reduction of securities premium, capital reserve and retained earnings of the 
Demerged Company after recording entries (other than adjustment against the capital 
reserves and retained earnings) contained in Clause 31.l(b), ifrequired , shall be effected 
as an integral part of this Scheme itself, under Section 230 to 232 of the Act read with 
Section 66 of the Act and the order of the Tribunal sanctioning this Scheme shall be 
deemed to be an order confinning the reduction (if applicable). Notwithstanding the 
reduction in the share capital of the Demerged Company, if applicable, the Demerged 
Company shall not be required to add "And Reduced" as suffix to its name. 
d) Any matter not dealt with in Clause hereinabove shall be dealt with in accordance with the 
requirement of applicable Ind AS. 
31.2. In the books of Resultant Company 
32. 
32.) 
32.2 
Upon Scheme coming into effect, the Resultant Company shall account for the Demerged 
Undertaking in its books of accounts in accordance with "Pooling of Interest Method" of 
accounting as laid down in Appendix C oflnd AS 103 (Business Combinations of entities under 
common control) notified under Section 133 of the Act, under the Companies (Indian 
Accounting Standard) Rules, 2015, as may be amended from time to time and any other 
applicable provisions and laws for the time being in force, such that: 
a) The Resultant Company shall record all assets, liabilities and reserves pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking vested in it, pursuant to this Scheme, at their respective carrying 
values as appearing in the standalone financial statements of the Demerged Company. 
b) The inter-company balances between the Demerged Company and the Resultant Company 
in relation to the Demerged Undertaking, if any, shall stand cancelled and there shall be no 
further obligation in that behalf. • 
c) The Resultant Company shall issue shares to the shareholders of the Demerged Company 
as per Clause 28 of this Scheme. These shares shall be issued and recorded at face value 
and accordingly the aggregate face value of the shares to be issued shall be credited to the 
Resultant Company's equity share capital account. 
d) The difference, if any, between the value of assets, liabilities and reserves pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking, after adjusting the amount credited as equity share capital as per 
Clause 31.2( c) above, shall be transferred to Capital Reserve. 
e) Comparative financial information in the financial statements of the Resultant Company 
shall be restated as if the demerger had occurred from the beginning of the comparative 
period. 
f) Any matter not dealt with herein above shall be dealt with in accordance with the Ind AS 
applicable to the Resultant Company. 
Tax Treatment 
The provisions of this Scheme as they relate to the demerger of the Demerged Undertaking 
from the Demerged Company to the Resultant Company have been drawn up to comply with 
the conditions relating to 'demerger' as specified under the Tax laws including Section 2(35) 
of the IT Act and other relevant sections of the IT Act. If any terms or provisions of the Scheme 
are found or interpreted to be inconsistent with the provisions of the said sections of the IT Act, 
at a later date including resulting from an amendment of law or for any other reason whatsoever, 
the provisions of the said sections of the IT Act shall prevail and the Scheme shall stand · 
modified to the extent determined necessary to comply with the provisions of the said sections 
of the IT Act. Such modification will, however, not affect the other parts of the Scheme. 
Upon the Effective Date, each of the Demerged company and the Resultant Company is 
expressly pennitted to file and / or revise its financial statements and returns, even after the 
prescribed due dates, along with prescribed fonns, filings and annexures under the Act 
For ANANT RAJ C ED 
42 