(i) shall be deemed to have been carrying on and to be carrying on all the business and 
activities relating to the ARL Remaining Business for and on its own behalf; and 
(ii) all profits accruing to the Demerged Company thereon or losses arising or incurred by 
it relating to the ARL Remaining Business shall for all purposes be treated as the profits 
or losses, as the case may be, of the Demerged Company. 
30. Increase in the authorized share capital of the Resultant Company 
30.1 Upon the Effective Date, the authorised share capital of the Resultant Company shall stand 
increased in the manner contemplated under Clause 30.3 beiow, without any further act or deed 
by the Resultant Company for purpose of such increase of its authorized share capital. The 
Resultant Company will make necessary filings with the RoC to effect the aforesaid change in 
authorized share capital. The Resultant Company shall pay the requisite fees on its authorised 
share capital enhanced pursuant to this Scheme, after having made any applicable adjustments 
as permitted in terms of Section 232(3)(i) of the Act. 
30.2 It is clarified that the consent / resolution / approval ofNCLT approving the Scheme shall be 
deemed to be the approval for amending the authorised share capital of the Resultant Company 
under Section 13 and other applicable provisions of the Act. The words and figures in Clause 
V of the Memorandum of Association of the Resultant Company relating to the authorised share 
capital shall without any further act, instrument be, and stand amended to reflect the increased 
authorized share capital of the Resultant Company as envisaged under Clause 30.3 below, 
pursuant to Section 13 of the Act and other applicable provisions of the Act. 
30.3 Clause V of Memorandum of Association of the Resultant Company shall be substituted as 
31. 
31.1. 
under: 
"The Authorised Share Capital of the Company is Rs. 146,88,98,966 (Rupees One 
Hundred Forty-Six Crore Eighty-Eight Lakh Ninety-Eight Thousand Nine Hundred 
Sixty-Six) divided into 73,44,49,483 (Seventy-Three Crore Forty-Four Lakh Forty­
Nine Thousand Four Hundred and Eighty-Three) Equity Shares of Rs. 2 (Rupees Two) 
each." 
Accounting Treatment for Demerger 
In the books ofDemerged Company 
Upon the Scheme coming into effect and with effect from the Appointed Date, notwithstanding 
anything else contained in the Scheme, the Demerged Company shall account for the demerger 
of the Demerged Undertaking in accordance with Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) 
notified under Section 133 of the Act read with the Companies (Indian Accounting Standard) 
Rules, 2015 and generally accepted accounting principles, as may be amended from time to 
time, in its books of accounts, such that: 
a) All the assets, liabilities and reserves pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking as appearing 
in the standalone financial statements of the Demerged Company, demerged/ transferred 
to and vested in the Resultant Company pursuant to the Scheme, shall be reduced from the 
respective carrying value of assets, liabilities and reserves of the Demerged Company. 
b) The difference i.e., the excess or shortfall, as the case may be, if any, between the book 
value of the assets, liabilities and reserves pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking of the 
Demerged Company transferred to the Resultant Company, shall be adjusted in the books 
of the Demerged company against the capital reserve, to the extent available , followed b 
ITED 41 
uthorised Signatory 