,, 
0 .., 
8.2 All Encumbrances, if any, existing prior to the date on which this Scheme comes into effect 
over the Assets of the Amalgamating Company shall, after the Effective Date, without any 
further act, instrument or deed, continue to relate and attach to such Assets or any part thereof 
to which they are related or attached prior to the Effective Date, provided that if any of the 
Assets of the Amalgamating Company have not been Encumbered, such Assets shall remain 
unencumbered and the existing Encumbrance referred to above shall not be extended to and 
shall not operate over such Assets. Further, such Encumbrances shall not relate or attach to any 
of the other Assets of the Amalgamated Company. The absence of any formal amendment 
which may be required by a lender or trustee or third party shall not affect the operation of the 
above. Furthermore, no duty (including stamp duty), levy, cess of any nature will be payable 
by the Amalgamated Company at the time of transfer of the Encumbrance covered above with 
respect to the immovable property. 
8.3 The existing Encumbrances over the other Assets and properties of the Amalgamated Company 
or any part thereof which relate to the Liabilities of the Amalgamated Company prior to the 
date on which this Scheme comes into effect shall continue to relate to such Assets and 
properties and shall not extend or attach to any of the Assets and properties of the 
Amalgamating Company transferred to and vested in the Amalgamated Company by virtue of 
this Scheme. 
8.4 Any reference to the Amalgamating Company and its Assets and properties in any security 
documents or arrangements shall be construed as a reference to the Amalgamated Company, 
after the date on which this Scheme comes into effect. Without prejudice to the foregoing 
provisions, the Amalgamated Company may execute any deeds, instruments or documents or 
do all the acts and deeds as may be considered appropriate, including the filing of necessary 
particulars and/or modification(s) of charge, with the RoC to give formal effect to the above 
provisions, if required. 
8.5 The provisions of this Clause 8 will operate notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained 
in any instrument, deed or writing or the terms of sanction or issue or any security document; 
all of which instruments, deeds or writings or the terms of sanction or issue or any security 
document shall stand modified and/or superseded by the foregoing provisions. 
9. 
9.1 
9.2 
Employees 
Employees of the Amalgamating Company who are in service immediately preceding the 
Effective Date shall, on and from the Effective Date, become and be engaged as, and be deemed 
to become and be engaged as, employees of the Amalgamated Company, without any break or 
interruption in service as a result of the transfer, and the Employees ' terms and conditions are 
on the whole, protected and not less favourable than those on which they are engaged by the 
Amalgamating Company, immediately preceding the Effective Date. Services of the 
Employees shall be taken into account from the date of their appointment with the 
Amalgamating Company, for the purposes of all retirement benefits and all other Employee 
Benefits for which they may be eligible. For the purpose of payment of any retrenchment 
compensation, if any, such past services with the Amalgamating Company shall also be taken 
into account. The services of the Employees shall not be treated as having been broken or 
interrupted for the purpose of provident fund or gratuity or superannuation or other statutory 
purposes and for all purposes will be reckoned from the date of their appointments with the 
Amalgamating Company. 
Upon the Effective Date and with effect from the Appointed Date, all contributions to funds 
and schemes in respect of provident fund, employee state insurance contribution , gratuity fund, 
superannuation fund, staff welfare scheme or any other special schemes or benefits created or 
existing for the benefit of such Employees of the Amalgamating Company shal I be de by the 
/\.. 
MITED 19 