'Tl 
0 ..,. 
Liabilities of the Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking shall, pursuant 
to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal and under Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all 
other applicable provisions of the Applicable Laws, if any, without any further act, instrument, 
deed, matter or thing, be transferred to and vested in and be deemed to have been transferred to 
and vested in the Resultant Company, and the same shall be assumed by the Resultant Company 
to the extent they are outstanding on the date on which this Scheme comes into effect, so as to 
become, as and from the Appointed Date (or in case of any Liability incurred on a date after 
the Appointed Date, with effect from such date), the Liabilities of the Resultant Company on 
the same tenns and conditions as were applicable to the Demerged Company. It shall not be 
necessary to obtain the consent of any third party or other person who is a party to any contract 
or arrangement by virtue of which such Liabilities have arisen in order to give effect to the 
provisions of this Clause 22.1. 
22.2. Where any such Liability or obligation of the Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged 
Undertaking, including amounts eannarked for expenditure on corporate sociaJ responsibility 
activities, has been partiaJly or fully discharged by the Demerged Company on or after the 
Appointed Date and prior to the Effective Date, such discharge shaJl be deemed to be for and 
on account of the Resultant Company. 
22.3. All loans raised and utilised and all Liabilities, duties and obligations incurred or undertaken 
by the Demerged Company in relation to the Demerged Undertaking on or after the Appointed 
Date and prior to the Effective Date shall be deemed to have been raised, used, incurred or 
undertaken for and on behalf of the Resultant Company and to the extent they are outstancling 
on the Effective Date, shall, upon the Effective Date and under the provisions of Sections 230 
to 232 of the Act, without any further act, instrument or deed be stand transferred to and vested 
in and be deemed to have been transferred to and vested in the Resultant Company and shall 
become the loans and Liabilities, duties and obligations of the Resultant Company which shall 
meet, discharge and satisfy the same. Jf the transfer of any Liabilities pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking from the Demerged Company to the Resultant Company requires any 
consents/approvals, then, the receipt of all such consents/approvals will be a pre-condition to 
the transfer. 
22.4. Upon this Scheme coming into effect, all Taxes/ cess/ duties, clirect and/or indirect, payable by 
or on behalf of the Demerged Company pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking from the 
Appointed Date onwards, including all or any refunds and claims, refunds or claims pending 
with the revenue authorities, shall, for all purposes, be treated as the Tax/ cess/ duty, liabilities 
or refunds, claims, and credits pertaining to direct/ indirect Taxes (as applicable) of the 
Resultant Company. 
22.5. Upon the Effective Date, the Resultant Company shall be liable to perform all obligations in 
respect of the Liabilities, which have been transferred to it in terms of this Scheme . 
22.6. Subject to the sanction of this Scheme by the Tribunal, the provisions of this Clause 22 shall 
operate notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in any deed or writing or the terms 
of sanction or issue of any security document, all of which instruments shaJl stand modified 
and/or superseded by the foregoing provisions of this Scheme. It is expressly provided that, 
save as herein provided, no other term or condition of the Liabilities transferred to the Resultant 
Company is amended by virtue of this Scheme except to the extent that such amendment is 
required statutorily or by necessary implication. 
3. Encumbrances 
23. l The transfer and vesting of the Assets comprised in the Demerged Undertaking to the Resultant 
Company under Clause 21 of this Scheme shall be subject to the Encumbrances affecting the 
same as hereinafter provided. 
32 