,, 
0 .., 
deductions available in respect of direct Taxes, including under the IT Act or the double 
Taxation avoidance agreements, deposits with statutory authorities, margin money, 
retention money, benefits, entitlements and incentives of any nature whatsoever, and 
other deposits and balances pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking shall, under the 
provisions of Sections 230 to 232 of the Act and all other applicable provisions, if any, 
of the Act, without any further act, instrument or deed, be and stand transferred to, and 
vested in, and/or be deemed to be transferred to, and vested in, the Resultant Company; 
and 
(ii) all the profits or income taxes (including advance tax, tax deducted at source, tax 
collected at source, foreign tax credits, MAT credjt), all input credit balances (including 
but not limited to CENVAT/MODVAT, sales tax, applicable excise and customs 
duties, SGST, IGST and CGST credits under the GST laws) or any costs, charges, 
expenditure accruing to the Demerged Company in India and abroad and pertaining to 
the Demerged Undertaking, or expenditure arising or incurred or suffered by the 
Demerged Company and pertaining to the Demerged Undertaking, shall for all purpose 
be treated and be deemed to be and accrue as the profits, taxes, income, costs, charges, 
expenditure of the Resultant Company, as the case may be. 
2 I. I 2. For the purpose of giving effect to the sanction orders passed by the Tribunal under Sections 
230 to 232 of the Act in respect of this Scheme, the Resultant Company shall, at any time 
pursuant to the orders on trus Scheme, be entitled to get the recording of the change in the title 
and appurtenant legal right(s) upon the vesting of the Demerged Undertaking of the Demerged 
Company in the Resultant Company. 
21 . 13. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing provisions ofthls Clause 21, in relation to 
the assets, rights, titles, right to use intellectual property or interests, if any, pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking, where separate documents would be convenient or expedient, one or 
more individuals authorized by the Demerged Company and/or the Resultant Company each 
may execute such deeds, agreements, documents or such other instruments or writings or create 
evidence, if any, as may be necessary. 
21.14. For the removal of doubt, it is clarified that to the extent that there are inter-company loans 
(including accrued interest in relation thereto), deposits, obligations, balances or other 
outstanding as between the Demerged Company in relation to the Demerged Undertaking and 
the Resultant Company, the obligations in respect thereof shall come to an end automatically 
upon the coming into effect of this Scheme by operation of law and pursuant to the statutory 
vesting of the Demerged Undertaking under Sections 230 to 232 of the Act, and not by way of 
any waiver, remission or cessation of liability, and there shall be no liability in that behalf and 
corresponding effect shall be given in the books of account and records of the Demerged 
Company an.d the Resultant Company for the reduction of such assets or liabilities as the case 
may be and there would be no accrual of interest or any other charges in respect of such inter­
company loans, deposits or balances, with effect from the Appointed Date. 
21.15. Upon the Effective Date, the past track record of the Demerged Company pertaining to the 
Demerged Undertaking, including without limitation, the profitability, experience, credentials 
and market share, shall be deemed to be the track record of the Resultant Company, for all 
commercial and regulatory purposes including for the purposes of eligibility, standing, 
evaluation and participation of the Resultant Company, in all existing and future bids, tenders 
and contracts of all authorities, agencies and clients. 
22. Transfer and Vesting of Liabilities 
22.1. Upon the coming into effect of this Scheme and with effect from the Appo· 
IMITED 31 
Authorised Signatory 
uthorised Signatory 