(vi) In case of any difference in accounting policy between the Amalgamating Company 
and the Amalgamated Company, the accounting policies followed by the Amalgamated 
Company will prevail to ensure that the financial statements reflect the financial 
position based on consistent accounting policies. 
(vii) Comparative financial information in the financial statements of the Amalgamated 
Company shall be restated for the accounting impact of the merger , as stated above as 
if the merger had occurred from the beginning oftbe comparative period. 
(viii) Any matter not dealt with herein above shall be dealt with in accordance with the Ind 
AS applicable to the Amalgamated Company. 
16.2 Accounting treatment in the books of the Amalgamating Company 
As the Amalgamating Company shall stand dissolved without being wound up, upon the 
Scheme becoming effective, hence no accounting treatment is being prescribed under this 
Scheme in the books of the Amalgamating Company. 
17. Tax Treatment 
17.1 The provisions of this Scheme as they relate to the merger of the Amalgamating Company with 
Amalgamated Company have been drawn up to comply with the conditions relating to 
' amalgamation' as specified under the Tax laws including Section 2(6) of the IT Act and other 
relevant sections of the IT Act. If any terms or provisions of the Scheme are found or interpreted 
to be inconsistent with the provisions of the said sections of the IT Act, at a later date including 
resulting from an amendment of law or for any other reason whatsoever, the provisions of the 
said sections of the IT Act shall prevail and the Scheme shall stand modified to the extent 
determined necessary to comply with provisions of the said sections of the IT Act. Such 
modification will, however, not affect the other parts of the Scheme. 
17 .2 Upon the Effective Date, the Amalgamated Company is expressly permitted to file and or revise 
its financial statements and returns, even after the prescribed due dates, along with prescribed 
forms, filings and annexures under the IT Act (including for minimum alternate tax purposes 
and tax benefits), service tax, sales tax, VAT excise and customs laws, as may be applicable, 
CGST, SGST, IGST and other Tax laws and to claim refunds and/or credits for Taxes paid by 
the Amalgamating Company (including minimum alternate tax, and foreign taxes), and to claim 
Tax benefits, under the IT Act and other Tax laws etc. and for matters incidental thereto, if 
required to give effect to the provisions of this Scheme. 
17.3 Any reimbursement of subsidy or receipt of differential subsidy of earlier years from the 
concerned Appropriate Authority and which has not been received by the Amalgamating 
Company as on the date immediately preceding the Effective Date, shall also belong to and be 
received by the Amalgamated Company. 
17.4 Any Tax liabilities under Tax laws allocable or related to the Amalgamating Company , to the 
extent not provided for or covered by tax provision in the accounts made as on the date 
immediately preceding the Appointed Date, shall be transferred to the Amalgamated Company. 
17 .5 Upon the Effective Date, all Taxes ( direct and/or indirect)/ cess/ duties payable by or on behalf 
of the Amalgamating Company from the Appointed Date onwards including all or any refunds 
and claims, including refunds or claims pending with any Appropriate Authority , and including 
the right to claim credit for minimum alternate tax, foreign taxes, deferred revenue expenditure, 
deduction , rebate, allowance, amortization benefit, etc., under the IT Act, or any other or like 
benefits under the said acts or under and in accordance with any law or act, whether in I dia or 
/l • 
25 